happy morning another day spectacles is
not in New York City hey Jackie Jackie
so this is kind of weird right
I never a vlog in the morning usually
because I'm not I'm kind of a night out
hey sweetie I mean how would I say
anything to the ball just taste I'm not
like you're being recorded right now oh
my goodness so that it gets the long mmm
I don't know
do the sign-off I'll put it at the end
of the video just a peach okay my life
pro tip call your mom every I am going
to sip on my coffee and watch an episode
of Friends so Cheers
yes I do own a fanny pack yeah so I've
been running more and this holds all my
things so well I'm super dorky but it's
super functional I'm trying to be a
healthier human food is harder for me
than exercise hopefully I can like cut
down on the sugar and the carbs in the
food area soon but since I played sports
in high school getting back into
exercising is a little bit easier so I'm
starting there so a month ago I had
never run more than two miles at one
time I played basketball in high school
I I was fit and even and then though it
was all short distance stuff so in
college I just never made like worthy
milestones honestly who wants to be open
about struggling about hitting one
single mile so they all are freaks of
nature
to go out for like 15 mile runs that's
crazy but I've been slowly chipping away
at it and I have to admit having the
view of the city is nice when it comes
to running but two days ago I hit four
miles I ran four miles and won one run
like I didn't stop like I stopped and
took a couple pictures but it was a
consecutive form hour and I hadn't like
never done anything like that before and
it might sound silly if you're a runner
like mile four miles but four miles is a
huge huge deal for me I'm stoked like
let's smash these fitness goals fam I'm
gonna go outside and try to hit five
miles like that is insane I probably
that probably will happen cuz I was
dying at four miles at the last run um
but I'm gonna try
because anything's possible
home is right here so let's hop on the
bike
okay so life update I'm in another pair
of sweatpants and I'm just I'm just
living my best life so this is like a
really weird vlog right are you you guys
fill in that too
so it's nighttime now but I need to show
you something that my grandma sent me
this is for you meemaw I know you watch
the vlog so I need to show off to the
audience what you sent me a while ago my
mom Jeanie and me mom came to visit me
up in New York and I think it freaked
them out a little bit to see where I
live it's not sketchy at all it's just
it's New York and so you know so I have
to show you this amazing contraption
it's literally just a stick you know I
hope you didn't pay a lot of money for
this check this up did you put it on the
ground put it underneath your doorknob
and so even if someone tried to get in
them pushing the door this way would
push it into the ground so they just
never get in genius genius this is what
my hair looks like fresh out of the
shower it's giveaway time so there's
this next-level graphic designer' menu'
and alex oh I've been following on the
interwebs for a while just huge fan of
his work and he sent me some dough
prints for my wall I'll show you the
wall in a minute look at this one
so the Statue of Liberty so he does all
these cool like mashup graphic thingies
with awesome colors you just have to go
check out a Sandstrom that's so next
level like look at this look at this
guy's so he took one of my pictures and
just made it into this state peachy
piece of art he's giving one of these
prints away to one of you guys I have to
do is go follow him on Instagram and
comment on his last picture it should be
of this this is just an amazing artist
I'm such a big fan I want to help push
his stuff in any any way I can
so please please go follow him comment
on his last post in order to be interred
chance to get this print so I'd like to
keep my apartment clean looking I like
white but this wall right here is going
to be just where I put all the things
all the things all the things so art
that you guys send me I already have
some stuff look at that
and then also things like this okay five
seconds guess who this is so this is my
grandpa yes my grandpa he was taken
selfies before selfies were cool and I
want a place to put stuff like this so
this will go on the wall too and I'm
just gonna cover this entire wall with
just stuff thanks for hanging out on me
today in this very weird vlog I hope you
guys have the best weekend ever I'm
turning a corner I'm kind of like back
into hustle mode I'm ready to go kill it
this past week I've been kind of
chilling but I'm ready to kill it who's
gonna kill it with me go follow Alex say
that subscribe button if you have not
yet and I will see you the next time I'm
gonna let my mom do the honors
everybody that I knew that officer it is